nv De Scheepvaart manages no fewer than 173 bridges.
Thanks to regular and thorough checks, the necessary maintenance work can be done in time
to happen.
In addition, nv De Scheepvaart is responsible for raising the bridges.
This is necessary to realize a larger capacity on the channels.
Inland shipping plays an important role in the development of Flanders as a logistics
pivot of Europe.
Paula Palmans, spokesperson nv De Scheepvaart: "The Albert Canal has 62 bridges in total.
To build it further, into a waterway with European interest, all bridges must be one
have a clearance clearance of 9.10 m.
Then ships can sail with four layers of containers.
At this moment only 3 layers of containers can pass through, so that is a profit
of 25%. "
In the province of Limburg there are 33 bridges over the Albert Canal.
Only 9 bridges are high enough at the moment, 11 bridges are relatively simple
adapted and 13 bridges have to be completely rebuilt. "
By 2020 at the latest, all bridges over the Albert Canal must have the required clearance
to have.
The cost of the works is estimated at 130 million euros.
A cost that pays for itself in the short term.
Paula Palmans: "In addition, De Scheepvaart naturally also continues to invest in the smaller channels.
For example, in Bree on the Zuid-Willemsvaart, new bridges are being built in Beek and Tongerlo. Met
these works nv De Scheepvaart builds bridges to the future.
For Flanders and Limburg, this means a major economic and ecological one
added value."
For more information, surf to www.descheepvaart.be.
NV De Scheepvaart is available day and night for emergencies or urgent announcements
on the number 011 29 84 00.